---
layout: default
title: hi
category: code
tags: pygments
---

hello, markdown.



Logitech said its new gadget supports the hand and wrist in a natural position, so your hand won't cramp up as you switch between keyboard and mouse, or get tired halfway through the day.

The Logitech Options software lets users customize the mouse buttons, and the Darkfield Laser hidden underneath allows for tracking on a variety of surfaces—even glass and high-gloss exteriors, Logitech said.

The 10 Best Computer Mice

Meanwhile, a speed-adaptive scroll wheel lets you move through long documents or Web pages faster, and a thumb wheel introduces side-to-side scrolling. The MX Master also comes with a fast-charging battery; power up for a full day of usage in just four minutes. A full charge can last up to 40 days, with six hours of regular office use.

"The Logitech MX Master wireless mouse is a beautifully designed, customizable mouse with the versatility of control, precision and speed," Charlotte Johs, global vice president of computer peripherals at Logitech, said in a statement. "The numerous navigation options and advanced features make it our best mouse ever."

The device works on Windows 7, Windows 8 (or later), and Mac OS X 10.8 or later. It comes with a Logitech Unifying Receiver and micro-USB cable for recharging.

{% highlight c linenos %}
#include <stdio.h>

int main(int argc, char *argv[])
{
  if (argc > 1)
    print("Hello, %s.\n", argv[1]);
  else
    print("Hello, world.\n");

  print("Hello, world.\n"); print("Hello, world.\n");

  return 0;
}
{% endhighlight %}
